---
Title: "22053004"
VersionName: "4.0.22.04"
VersionCode: 22053004
ReleaseType: "prestable"
Date: 2022-06-20T11:47:06-05:00
SecurityPatchLevel: 2022-03-01T10:00:00-00:00
FileName: "update.zip"
MD5: "4d0c6fc8647670e2570db704adeba4fe"
Size: 16181105
FileURL: "https://github.com/FreshROMs/android_kernel_samsung_exynos9610_mint/releases/download/xbeta-1185_a50dx/MintBeta-1185.A12.OneUI4-Enforcing_A50.CI.zip"
UpdatedApps: [io.tenseventyseven.fresh, com.sec.android.app.camera, com.android.chrome, com.sec.android.app.camera, io.tensevntysevn.fresh.framework]
---

⚙️ **Core:**
- **Comes with** Mint Kernel Beta `#1160` and Linux kernel `4.14.194`
  - `kernel:` Full kernel source refresh with upstream patches for stability. See older release messages for full changelog, only changes **since #1118** are included here.
  - `fs:` Drop a couple of changes for FUSE passthrough to fix a timer contention with the Exynos MMC driver.
  - `fs:` Re-enable support for Incremental FS
  - `mm:` Re-merge upstream changes to kernel memory management
  - `mm:` Disable readahead by default
  - `mm:` Throttle UX tasks as well
  - `mm:` Decrease watermark scale factor. One UI already sets `extra_free_kbytes` dynamically.
  - `loop:` Set non-rotational queue flag by default
  - `loop:` Select I/O scheduler 'none' from inside add_disk()
  - `loop:` Mark kthread as performance critical
  - `sched:` Experimentally test twice ramp up for scaling than decay
  - `sched:` Use balanced sched latencies
  - `decon:` Optionally boost MIF devfreq device when a new frame is ready
  - `proc:` Affine Samsung camera HALs to the big/perf cluster
  - `fingerprint:` Affine IRQ to the big CPU cluster

📱 **System:**
- `vendor:` Rebase to A515FXXU5FVE2 (April 2022 - DBT)
- `system:` Rebase to G780FXXS8DVD3 (April 2022 - XTC)
- `wifi:` Use the Wi-Fi firmware from the Galaxy A51 since it's newer (Feb 2022) than stock (Nov 2021).
- `audio:` Replace stock DiamondVoice for the newer version from the Galaxy A51.
- `audio:` Experimentally tweak some audio resampler configs. Changes are barely noticeable.
- `audio:` Drop 'dual speaker' support for the meantime.
- `art:` Slightly improve app install times. Only Samsung can fully fix this.
- `art:` Minor performance improvements to Android RunTime (ART) VM.
- `slmk:` Minor improvements to Samsung LMK configs to manage RAM better with the flagship firmware.
- `build:` Drop a lot of placebo and useless properties from Fresh 3.
- Fresh Performance Kit 13.0.7.6
  - Major improvements to the 'Balanced' performance mode.
  - Save battery while on 'Gaming' mode by turning off the GPU when the device is on standby.
  - Boost MIF on every frame on "Gaming" and "Multitasking" modes

💫 **Experience:**
- Fresh System Services 4.0.5.1
  - Just disable a couple of options in Zest when device is on DeX mode.
  - Show Fresh Performance Kit version on the app's "About" page.
- Completely rebase the ROM to the Samsung Galaxy S20 (Fan Edition). This is Fresh 3.2's true successor. :kekw:
- New default wallpapers inspired by the colors of the Galaxy A53 and A33's wallpapers.
- Bring back Samsung DeX mode, both wireless and DeX on PC. :yay:
- Enable support for opening multiple apps on Link to Windows/Phone Link. Windows 10 (20H1) and later is required to use this feature.
- Revert Pro Photo and Video modes on the Camera to lite modes for stability. You may need to clear the Camera app's data.
- Re-enable support for Google Play Games' app streaming feature.

🪲 **Issues:**
See <#960728404850802698>.

📝 **Installation Notes:**
- **This build can also be installed on non-NFC variants.**
- **A clean flash is recommended for this build.**
- Only Knox is removed from the ROM as of the moment. Apps such as Bixby and AR Zone are currently pre-installed.
- As this is a **legitimate** One UI update, you **will** experience performance issues after update. Regenerating ART cache takes a while (and is only done when the device is idle, and in some cases only while charging).

